TABLE OF CONTENTS2Note About Forward-Looking StatementsThis Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include, among other things, statements regarding:•the growth of our business and revenues and our expectations about the factors that influence our success and trends in our business;•fluctuations in our revenues and margins and various factors contributing to such fluctuations;•our expectation that the continuing shift from an offline to online world will continue to benefit our business;•our expectation that the portion of our revenues that we derive beyond advertising will continue to increase and may affect our margins;•our expectation that our traffic acquisition costs (TAC) and the associated TAC rate will fluctuate, which could affect our overall margins;•our expectation that our monetization trends will fluctuate, which could affect our revenues and margins;•fluctuations in paid clicks and cost-per-click as well as impressions and cost-per-impression, and various factors contributing to such fluctuations;•our expectation that we will continue to periodically review, refine, and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number of paid clicks and impressions;•our expectation that our results will be affected by our performance in international markets as users in developing economies increasingly come online;•our expectation that our foreign exchange risk management program will not fully offset our net exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;•the expected variability of gains and losses related to hedging activities under our foreign exchange risk management program;•the amount and timing of revenue recognition from customer contracts with commitments for performance obligations, including our estimate of the remaining amount of commitments and when we expect to recognize revenue;•our expectation that our capital expenditures will increase, including the expected increase in our technical infrastructure investment to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, in particular in support of artificial intelligence (AI) products and services;•our plans to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services and technologies, and systems, as well as to continue to invest in acquisitions and strategic investments;•our pace of hiring and our plans to provide competitive compensation programs;•our expectation that our cost of revenues, research and development (R&D) expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses may increase in amount and/or may increase as a percentage of revenues and may be affected by a number of factors;•estimates of our future compensation expenses;•our expectation that our other income (expense), net (OI&E), will fluctuate in the future, as it is largely driven by market dynamics;•our expectation that our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase in future years;•seasonal fluctuations in internet usage and advertiser expenditures, underlying business trends such as traditional retail seasonality, which are likely to cause fluctuations in our quarterly results;•the sufficiency of our sources of funding;•our potential exposure in connection with new and pending investigations, proceedings, and other contingencies, including the possibility that certain legal proceedings to which we are a party could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results;•our expectation that we will continue to face heightened regulatory scrutiny, and changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could affect our business practices and financial results;3•the expected timing, amount, and effect of Alphabet Inc.'s share repurchases and dividends;•our long-term sustainability and diversity goals;as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report and other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including without limitation, the following sections: Part I, Item 2, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as updated in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, including in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by words such as "anticipates," "believes," "could," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "may," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result," and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; the risks discussed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as updated in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, including in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; the trends discussed in Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023; and those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.As used herein, "Alphabet," "the company," "we," "us," "our," and similar terms include Alphabet Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise."Alphabet," "Google," and other trademarks of ours appearing in this report are our property. We do not intend our use or display of other companies' trade names or trademarks to imply an endorsement or sponsorship of us by such companies, or any relationship with any of these companies.4PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATIONITEM 1.FINANCIAL STATEMENTSAlphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS(in millions, except par value per share amounts)See accompanying notes.5Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME(in millions, except per share amounts; unaudited)See accompanying notes.6Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME(in millions; unaudited)See accompanying notes.7Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY(in millions; unaudited)8See accompanying notes.9Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS(in millions; unaudited)See accompanying notes.10Alphabet Inc.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Unaudited)Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Nature of OperationsGoogle was incorporated in California in September 1998 and re-incorporated in the State of Delaware in August 2003. In 2015, we implemented a holding company reorganization, and as a result, Alphabet Inc. ("Alphabet") became the successor issuer to Google.We generate revenues by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising; cloud-based solutions that provide enterprise customers with infrastructure and platform services as well as communication and collaboration tools; sales of other products and services, such as fees received for subscription-based products, apps and in-app purchases, and devices.Basis of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements of Alphabet include the accounts of Alphabet and entities consolidated under the variable interest and voting models. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Unaudited Interim Financial InformationThese unaudited interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP), and in our opinion, include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for fair financial statement presentation. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2024. We have made estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates.These consolidated financial statements and other information presented in this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC.Recent Accounting PronouncementsIn November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-07 "Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures" which expands annual and interim disclosure requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. ASU 2023-07 is effective for our annual periods beginning January 1, 2024, and for interim periods beginning January 1, 2025, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the potential effect that the updated standard will have on our financial statement disclosures.In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09 "Income Taxes (Topics 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures" to expand the disclosure requirements for income taxes. Upon adoption we will be required to disclose standardized categories in the rate reconciliation in both percentage and dollar amounts. ASU 2023-09 will also require income taxes paid to be disaggregated by jurisdiction, among other disclosure requirements. We will adopt ASU 2023-09 for our annual periods beginning January 1, 2025.Prior Period ReclassificationsCertain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation.11Note 2. Revenues Disaggregated RevenuesThe following table presents revenues disaggregated by type (in millions): The following table presents revenues disaggregated by geography, based on the addresses of our customers (in millions):(1) Regions represent Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); Asia-Pacific (APAC); and Canada and Latin America ("Other Americas").Revenue BacklogAs of June 30, 2024, we had $78.8 billion of remaining performance obligations (“revenue backlog”), primarily related to Google Cloud. Our revenue backlog represents commitments in customer contracts for future services that have not yet been recognized as revenue. The estimated revenue backlog and timing of revenue recognition for these commitments is largely driven by our ability to deliver in accordance with relevant contract terms and when our customers utilize services. We expect to recognize approximately half of the revenue backlog as revenues over the next 24 months with the remaining to be recognized thereafter. Revenue backlog includes related deferred revenue currently recorded as well as amounts that will be invoiced in future periods, and excludes contracts with an original expected term of one year or less and cancellable contracts.Deferred RevenuesWe record deferred revenues when cash payments are received or due in advance of our performance, including amounts which are refundable. Deferred revenues primarily relate to Google Cloud and Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices. Total deferred revenue as of December 31, 2023 was $5.0 billion, of which $2.9 billion was recognized as revenues during the six months ended June 30, 2024.Note 3. Financial InstrumentsFair Value MeasurementsInvestments Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring BasisCash, cash equivalents, and marketable equity securities are measured at fair value and classified within Level 1 and Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, because we use quoted prices for identical assets in active markets 12or inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets. Debt securities are measured at fair value and classified within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, because we use quoted market prices to the extent available or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs to determine fair value. For certain marketable debt securities, we have elected the fair value option for which changes in fair value are recorded in OI&E. The fair value option was elected for these securities to align with the unrealized gains and losses from related derivative contracts.The following tables summarize our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in millions):(1)Represents gross unrealized gains and losses for debt securities recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).(2)The long-term portion of marketable equity securities (subject to long-term lock-up restrictions) of $1.4 billion as of December 31, 2023 is included within other non-current assets.13(1)Represents gross unrealized gains and losses for debt securities recorded to AOCI.(2)The long-term portion of marketable equity securities (subject to long-term lock-up restrictions) of $276 million as of June 30, 2024 is included within other non-current assets.Investments Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately held companies without readily determinable market values. The carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities is adjusted to fair value upon observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment. Non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasured during the period based on observable transactions are classified within Level 2 or Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasured due to impairment are classified within Level 3. Our valuation methods include option pricing models, market comparable approach, and common stock equivalent method, which may include a combination of the observable transaction price at the transaction date and other unobservable inputs including volatility, expected time to exit, risk free rate, and the rights, and obligations of the securities we hold. These inputs significantly vary based on investment type.As of June 30, 2024, the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities was $31.6 billion, of which $2.2 billion were remeasured at fair value during the three months ended June 30, 2024 and classified within Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the time of measurement.14Debt SecuritiesThe following table summarizes the estimated fair value of investments in available-for-sale marketable debt securities by effective contractual maturity dates (in millions):The following tables present fair values and gross unrealized losses recorded to AOCI, aggregated by investment category and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position (in millions):We determine realized gains or losses on the sale or extinguishment of debt securities on a specific identification method. The following table summarizes gains and losses for debt securities, reflected as a component of OI&E (in millions): 15Equity InvestmentsThe carrying value of equity securities is measured as the total initial cost plus the cumulative net gain (loss). Gains and losses, including impairments, are included as a component of OI&E in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 6 for further details on OI&E.The carrying values for marketable and non-marketable equity securities are summarized below (in millions):(1)Non-marketable equity securities cumulative net gain (loss) is comprised of $18.1 billion gains and $6.9 billion losses (including impairments) as of December 31, 2023 and $20.6 billion gains and $8.2 billion losses (including impairments) as of June 30, 2024.Gains and Losses on Marketable and Non-marketable Equity SecuritiesGains and losses (including impairments), net, for marketable and non-marketable equity securities included in OI&E are summarized below (in millions):(1)Unrealized gain (loss) on non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative is comprised of $75 million and $319 million of upward adjustments and $789 million and $745 million of downward adjustments (including impairments) for the three months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively, and $989 million and $3.1 billion of upward adjustments and $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion of downward adjustments (including impairments) for the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively.In the table above, realized net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the equity securities at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later.Cumulative net gains (losses) on equity securities sold during the period, which is summarized in the following table (in millions), represents the total net gains (losses) recognized after the initial purchase date of the equity security sold during the period. While these net gains (losses) may have been reflected in periods prior to the period of sale, we believe they are important supplemental information as they reflect the economic net gains (losses) on the securities sold during the period. Cumulative net gains (losses) are calculated as the difference between the sale price and the initial purchase price for the equity security sold during the period.16Equity Securities Accounted for Under the Equity MethodAs of December 31, 2023 and June 30, 2024, equity securities accounted for under the equity method had a carrying value of approximately $1.7 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively. Our share of gains and losses, including impairments, are included as a component of OI&E, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 6 for further details on OI&E.Derivative Financial InstrumentsWe use derivative instruments to manage risks relating to our ongoing business operations. The primary risk managed is foreign exchange risk. We use foreign currency contracts to reduce the risk that our cash flows, earnings, and investment in foreign subsidiaries will be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We also enter into derivative instruments to partially offset our exposure to other risks and enhance investment returns.We recognize derivative instruments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value and classify the derivatives primarily within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. We present our collar contracts (an option strategy comprised of a combination of purchased and written options) at net fair values and present all other derivatives at gross fair values. The accounting treatment for derivatives is based on the intended use and hedge designation.Cash Flow HedgesWe designate foreign currency forward and option contracts (including collars) as cash flow hedges to hedge certain forecasted revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the United States (U.S.) dollar. These contracts have maturities of 24 months or less.Cash flow hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are deferred in AOCI and subsequently reclassified to revenue when the hedged item is recognized in earnings. We exclude forward points and time value from our assessment of hedge effectiveness and amortize them on a straight-line basis over the life of the hedging instrument in revenues. The difference between fair value changes of the excluded component and the amount amortized to revenues is recorded in AOCI.As of June 30, 2024, the net accumulated gain on our foreign currency cash flow hedges before tax effect was $300 million, which is expected to be reclassified from AOCI into revenues within the next 12 months.Fair Value HedgesWe designate foreign currency forward contracts as fair value hedges to hedge foreign currency risks for our marketable securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fair value hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in OI&E, along with the offsetting gains and losses of the related hedged items. We exclude forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognize changes in the excluded component in OI&E.Net Investment HedgesWe designate foreign currency forward contracts as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to our investment in foreign subsidiaries. Net investment hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in AOCI along with the foreign currency translation adjustment. We exclude forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognize changes in the excluded component in OI&E.Other DerivativesWe enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments to hedge intercompany transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary. Gains and losses on these derivatives that are not designated as accounting hedges are primarily recorded in OI&E along with the foreign currency gains and losses on monetary assets and liabilities.We also use derivatives not designated as hedging instruments to manage risks relating to interest rates, commodity prices, and credit exposures, and to enhance investment returns. From time to time, we enter into derivatives to hedge the market price risk on certain of our marketable equity securities. Gains and losses arising from other derivatives are primarily reflected within the “other” component of OI&E. See Note 6 for further details.17The gross notional amounts of outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions):The fair values of outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions):(1) Derivative assets are recorded as other current and non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.(2) Derivative liabilities are recorded as accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and non-current in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.The gains (losses) on derivatives in cash flow hedging and net investment hedging relationships recognized in other comprehensive income (OCI) are summarized below (in millions):18 The table below presents the gains (losses) of our derivatives on the Consolidated Statements of Income: (in millions):19Offsetting of DerivativesWe enter into master netting arrangements and collateral security arrangements to reduce credit risk. Cash collateral received related to derivative instruments under our collateral security arrangements are included in other current assets with a corresponding liability. Cash and non-cash collateral pledged related to derivative instruments under our collateral security arrangements are included in other current assets.The gross amounts of derivative instruments subject to master netting arrangements with various counterparties, and cash and non-cash collateral received and pledged under such agreements were as follows (in millions):20(1)The balances as of December 31, 2023 and June 30, 2024 were related to derivatives allowed to be net settled in accordance with our master netting agreements.Note 4. Variable Interest Entities (VIE)Consolidated VIEsWe consolidate VIEs in which we hold a variable interest and are the primary beneficiary. The results of operations and financial position of these VIEs are included in our consolidated financial statements. For certain consolidated VIEs, their assets are not available to us, and their creditors do not have recourse to us. As of December 31, 2023 and June 30, 2024, assets that can only be used to settle obligations of these VIEs were $4.9 billion and $3.7 billion, respectively, and the liabilities for which creditors only have recourse to the VIEs were $2.5 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively. We may continue to fund ongoing operations of certain VIEs that are included within Other Bets.In July 2024, Alphabet committed to fund up to $5.0 billion for the ongoing operations of Waymo, a fully autonomous driving technology company and a consolidated VIE.Total noncontrolling interests (NCI) in our consolidated subsidiaries were $3.4 billion and $3.3 billion as of December 31, 2023 and June 30, 2024, respectively, of which $1.1 billion is redeemable noncontrolling interest (RNCI) for both periods. NCI and RNCI are included within additional paid-in capital. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was not material for any period presented and is included within the "other" component of OI&E. See Note 6 for further details on OI&E.Unconsolidated VIEsWe have investments in VIEs in which we are not the primary beneficiary. These VIEs include private companies that are primarily early stage companies and certain renewable energy entities in which activities involve power generation using renewable sources.We have determined that the governance structures of these entities do not allow us to direct the activities that would significantly affect their economic performance. Therefore, we are not the primary beneficiary, and the results of operations and financial position of these VIEs are not included in our consolidated financial statements. We account for these investments primarily as non-marketable equity securities or equity method investments.The maximum exposure of these unconsolidated VIEs is generally based on the current carrying value of the investments and any future funding commitments. The maximum exposure and carrying value of these unconsolidated VIEs were $5.7 billion and $4.0 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2023 and $6.9 billion and $5.4 billion, respectively, as of June 30, 2024. The difference between the maximum exposure and the carrying value relates primarily to future funding commitments.Note 5. DebtShort-Term DebtWe have a debt financing program of up to $10.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. We had no commercial paper outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and June 30, 2024. Our short-term debt balance also includes the current portion of certain long-term debt.21Long-Term Debt Total outstanding debt is summarized below (in millions, except percentages):(1)Future finance lease payments are net of imputed interest.(2)Total current portion of long-term debt is included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities. See Note 6 for further details.The notes in the table above are fixed-rate senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with each other. We may redeem the notes at any time in whole or in part at specified redemption prices. The effective interest rates are based on proceeds received with interest payable semi-annually.The total estimated fair value of the outstanding notes was approximately $10.3 billion and $8.9 billion as of December 31, 2023 and June 30, 2024, respectively. The fair value was determined based on observable market prices of identical instruments in less active markets and is categorized accordingly as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.Credit FacilityAs of June 30, 2024, we had $10.0 billion of revolving credit facilities, of which $4.0 billion expires in April 2025 and $6.0 billion expires in April 2028. The interest rates for all credit facilities are determined based on a formula using certain market rates, as well as our progress toward the achievement of certain sustainability goals. No amounts were outstanding under the credit facilities as of December 31, 2023 and June 30, 2024.Note 6. Supplemental Financial Statement Information Accounts ReceivableThe allowance for credit losses on accounts receivable was $771 million and $850 million as of December 31, 2023 and June 30, 2024, respectively.Property and Equipment, NetProperty and equipment, net, consisted of the following (in millions):22Accrued Expenses and Other Current LiabilitiesAccrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in millions):(1) While each European Commission (EC) decision is under appeal, the fines are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as we provided bank guarantees (in lieu of a cash payment) for the fines. Amounts include the effects of foreign exchange and interest. See Note 8 for further details.Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)Components of AOCI, net of income tax, were as follows (in millions): 23The effects on net income of amounts reclassified from AOCI were as follows (in millions):Other Income (Expense), NetComponents of OI&E were as follows (in millions):(1)Interest expense is net of interest capitalized of $47 million and $43 million for the three months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively, and $87 million and $86 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. Note 7. GoodwillGoodwillChanges in the carrying amount of goodwill for the six months ended June 30, 2024 were as follows (in millions):24Note 8. Commitments and ContingenciesCommitmentsWe have content licensing agreements with future fixed or minimum guaranteed commitments of $9.7 billion as of June 30, 2024, of which the majority is paid quarterly through the first quarter of 2030.IndemnificationsIn the normal course of business, including to facilitate transactions in our services and products and corporate activities, we indemnify certain parties, including advertisers, Google Network partners, distribution partners, customers of Google Cloud offerings, lessors, and service providers with respect to certain matters. We have agreed to defend and/or hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants, or out of intellectual property infringement or other claims made against certain parties. Several of these agreements limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount of the claim. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations to our agents.It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Additionally, the payments we have made under such agreements have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. However, to the extent that valid indemnification claims arise in the future, future payments by us could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in a particular period.As of June 30, 2024, we did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible.Legal MattersWe record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred, and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. We evaluate developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments as appropriate.Certain outstanding matters seek speculative, substantial or indeterminate monetary amounts, substantial changes to our business practices and products, or structural remedies. Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood of there being a loss and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters, and we may be unable to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of losses. The outcomes of outstanding legal matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, and could, either individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect.We expense legal fees in the period in which they are incurred.Antitrust MattersOn November 30, 2010, the EC's Directorate General for Competition opened an investigation into various antitrust-related complaints against us.•On June 27, 2017, the EC announced its decision that certain actions taken by Google regarding its display and ranking of shopping search results and ads infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a €2.4 billion ($2.7 billion as of June 27, 2017) fine. On September 11, 2017, we appealed the EC decision to the General Court, and on September 27, 2017, we implemented product changes to bring shopping ads into compliance with the EC's decision. We recognized a charge of $2.7 billion for the fine in the second quarter of 2017. On November 10, 2021, the General Court rejected our appeal, and we subsequently filed an appeal with the European Court of Justice on January 20, 2022.•On July 18, 2018, the EC announced its decision that certain provisions in Google’s Android-related distribution agreements infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018) fine and directed the termination of the conduct at issue. On October 9, 2018, we appealed the EC decision, and on October 29, 2018, we implemented changes to certain of our Android distribution practices. On September 14, 2022, the General Court reduced the fine from €4.3 billion to €4.1 billion. We subsequently filed an appeal with the European Court of Justice. In 2018, we recognized a charge of $5.1 billion for the fine, which we reduced by $217 million in 2022.25•On March 20, 2019, the EC announced its decision that certain contractual provisions in agreements that Google had with AdSense for Search partners infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a fine of €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as of March 20, 2019) and directed actions related to AdSense for Search partners' agreements, which we implemented prior to the decision. On June 4, 2019, we appealed the EC decision. We recognized a charge of $1.7 billion for the fine in the first quarter of 2019.In addition, on July 7, 2021, a number of state Attorneys General filed an antitrust complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, alleging that Google’s operation of Android and Google Play violated U.S. antitrust laws and state antitrust and consumer protection laws. In September 2023, we reached a settlement in principle with 50 state Attorneys General and three territories. The U.S. District Court subsequently vacated the trial date with the states, and we expect any final approval of the settlement would come in 2024. In May 2024, we funded the settlement amount to an escrow agent. In December 2023, a California jury delivered a verdict in a similar lawsuit in Epic Games v. Google. The jury found that Google violated antitrust laws related to Google Play's business. Epic did not seek monetary damages. The presiding judge will determine non-monetary remedies in 2024, and the range of potential remedies vary widely. We plan to appeal.From time to time we are subject to formal and informal inquiries and investigations on various competition matters by regulatory authorities in the U.S., Europe, and other jurisdictions globally. Examples, for which given their nature we cannot estimate a possible loss include:•In August 2019, we began receiving civil investigative demands from the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) requesting information and documents relating to our prior antitrust investigations and certain aspects of our business. The DOJ and a number of state Attorneys General filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia on October 20, 2020 alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws relating to Search and Search advertising. The trial ended on November 16, 2023, and we expect a decision in 2024. Further, in June 2022, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) and the United Kingdom's Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) each opened an investigation into Search distribution practices.•On December 16, 2020, a number of state Attorneys General filed an antitrust complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws as well as state deceptive trade laws relating to its advertising technology, and a trial is scheduled for March 2025. Additionally, on January 24, 2023, the DOJ, along with a number of state Attorneys General, filed an antitrust complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia alleging that Google’s digital advertising technology products violate U.S. antitrust laws, and on April 17, 2023, a number of additional state Attorneys General joined the complaint. A trial is scheduled for September 2024. The EC, the CMA, and the ACCC each opened a formal investigation into Google's advertising technology business practices on June 22, 2021, May 25, 2022, and June 29, 2022, respectively. On June 14, 2023, the EC issued a Statement of Objections (SO) informing Google of its preliminary view that Google violated European antitrust laws relating to its advertising technology. We responded to the SO on December 1, 2023.•In May 2022, the EC and the CMA each opened investigations into Google Play’s business practices. Korean regulators are investigating Google Play's billing practices, including a formal review in May 2022 of Google's compliance with the new app store billing regulations.We believe we have strong arguments against these claims and will defend ourselves vigorously. We continue to cooperate with federal and state regulators in the U.S., the EC, and other regulators around the world.Privacy MattersWe are subject to a number of privacy-related laws and regulations, and we currently are party to a number of privacy investigations and lawsuits ongoing in multiple jurisdictions. For example, there are ongoing investigations and litigation in the U.S. and the European Union, including those relating to our collection and use of location information, the choices we offer users, and advertising practices, which could result in significant fines, judgments, and product changes.Patent and Intellectual Property ClaimsWe have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our products, services, and technologies infringe others' intellectual property rights. Adverse results in these lawsuits may include awards of substantial monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services. As a result, we may have to change our business practices and develop non-infringing products or technologies, which could result in a loss 26of revenues for us and otherwise harm our business. In addition, the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) has increasingly become an important forum to litigate intellectual property disputes because an ultimate loss in an ITC action can result in a prohibition on importing infringing products into the U.S. Because the U.S. is an important market, a prohibition on importation could have an adverse effect on us, including preventing us from importing many important products into the U.S. or necessitating workarounds that may limit certain features of our products.Furthermore, many of our agreements with our customers and partners require us to indemnify them against certain intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase our costs as a result of defending such claims, and may require that we pay significant damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. In addition, our customers and partners may discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenues and adversely affect our business.OtherWe are subject to claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government investigations, other proceedings, and consent orders involving competition, intellectual property, data security, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, personal injury, consumer protection, and other matters. For example, we periodically have data incidents that we report to relevant regulators as required by law. Such claims, consent orders, lawsuits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings could result in substantial fines and penalties, injunctive relief, ongoing monitoring and auditing obligations, changes to our products and services, alterations to our business models and operations, and collateral related civil litigation or other adverse consequences, all of which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.We have ongoing legal matters relating to Russia. For example, civil judgments that include compounding penalties have been imposed upon us in connection with disputes regarding the termination of accounts, including those of sanctioned parties. We do not believe these ongoing legal matters will have a material adverse effect.Non-Income TaxesWe are under audit by various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of non-income tax audits primarily arises from disputes on the tax treatment and tax rate applied to the sale of our products and services in these jurisdictions and the tax treatment of certain employee benefits. We accrue non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. Due to the inherent complexity and uncertainty of these matters and judicial process in certain jurisdictions, the final outcome may be materially different from our expectations.See Note 12 for information regarding income tax contingencies.Note 9. Stockholders' Equity Share RepurchasesIn the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, we continued to repurchase both Class A and Class C shares in a manner deemed in the best interest of the company and its stockholders, taking into account the economic cost and prevailing market conditions, including the relative trading prices and volumes of the Class A and Class C shares. During the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, we repurchased $15.6 billion and $31.7 billion, respectively, of Alphabet's Class A and Class C shares. In April 2023, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to $70.0 billion of its Class A and Class C shares. In April 2024, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional $70.0 billion of its Class A and Class C shares. As of June 30, 2024, $74.9 billion remained available for Class A and Class C share repurchases.The following table presents Class A and Class C shares repurchased and subsequently retired (in millions):27(1) Shares repurchased include unsettled repurchases as of June 30, 2024.Repurchases are executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date.DividendsOn April 25, 2024, the Board of Directors of Alphabet declared a cash dividend of $0.20 per share to stockholders of record as of June 10, 2024, on each of the company’s Class A, Class B, and Class C shares. These dividends were paid on June 17, 2024, totaling to $1.2 billion, $173 million, and $1.1 billion for Class A, Class B, and Class C shares, respectively. The company intends to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future, subject to review and approval by the company’s Board of Directors in its sole discretion. 28Note 10. Net Income Per ShareThe following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share of Class A, Class B, and Class C stock (in millions, except per share amounts):(1)Not applicable for consolidated net income per share.29(1)Not applicable for consolidated net income per share.For the periods presented above, the holders of each class are entitled to equal per share dividends or distributions in liquidation in accordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Alphabet Inc. Holders of Alphabet unvested stock units are awarded dividend equivalents, which are subject to the same vesting conditions as the underlying award, and settled in Class C shares.30Note 11. Compensation PlansStock-Based CompensationFor the three months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, total stock based compensation (SBC) expense was $5.4 billion and $5.9 billion, including amounts associated with awards we expect to settle in Alphabet stock of $5.6 billion and $5.7 billion, respectively. For the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, total SBC expense was $10.7 billion and $11.2 billion, including amounts associated with awards we expect to settle in Alphabet stock of $10.7 billion and $10.7 billion, respectively. Stock-Based Award ActivitiesThe following table summarizes the activities for unvested Alphabet restricted stock units (RSUs), which include dividend equivalents awarded to holders of unvested stock, for the six months ended June 30, 2024 (in millions, except per share amounts):As of June 30, 2024, there was $43.9 billion of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs. This amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.7 years. Note 12. Income Taxes The following table presents provision for income taxes (in millions, except for effective tax rate):We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $9.4 billion and $10.7 billion, of which $7.4 billion and $8.6 billion, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate, as of December 31, 2023 and June 30, 2024, respectively. Note 13. Information about Segments and Geographic Areas We report our segment results as Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets:•Google Services includes products and services such as ads, Android, Chrome, devices, Google Maps, Google Play, Search, and YouTube. Google Services generates revenues primarily from advertising; fees received for consumer subscription-based products such as YouTube TV, YouTube Music and Premium, and NFL Sunday Ticket, as well as Google One; the sale of apps and in-app purchases and devices.•Google Cloud includes infrastructure and platform services, collaboration tools, and other services for enterprise customers. Google Cloud generates revenues primarily from consumption-based fees and subscriptions received for Google Cloud Platform services, Google Workspace communication and collaboration tools, and other enterprise services.•Other Bets is a combination of multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Revenues from Other Bets are generated primarily from the sale of healthcare-related services and internet services. Revenues, certain costs, such as costs associated with content and traffic acquisition, certain engineering activities, and devices, as well as certain operating expenses are directly attributable to our segments. Due to the integrated nature of Alphabet, other costs and expenses, such as technical infrastructure and office facilities, are 31managed centrally at a consolidated level. These costs, including the associated depreciation and impairment, are allocated to operating segments as a service cost generally based on usage, headcount, or revenue.As announced on April 18, 2024, we further consolidated teams that focus on building AI models across Google Research and Google DeepMind to further accelerate our progress in AI. AI model development teams previously under Google Research in our Google Services segment are included as part of Google DeepMind, reported within Alphabet-level activities, prospectively beginning in the second quarter of 2024.Certain costs are not allocated to our segments because they represent Alphabet-level activities. These costs primarily include AI-focused shared R&D activities, including development costs of our general AI models; corporate initiatives such as our philanthropic activities; corporate shared costs such as certain finance, human resource, and legal costs, including certain fines and settlements. Charges associated with employee severance and office space reductions during 2023 and employee severance in 2024 were also not allocated to our segments. Additionally, hedging gains (losses) related to revenue are not allocated to our segments.Our operating segments are not evaluated using asset information.The following table presents information about our segments (in millions):See Note 2 for information relating to revenues by geography.The following table presents long-lived assets by geographic area, which includes property and equipment, net and operating lease assets (in millions):32ITEM 2.MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONSPlease read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with "Note About Forward-Looking Statements" and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, including Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors," as updated in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 and in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.Understanding Alphabet’s Financial ResultsAlphabet is a collection of businesses — the largest of which is Google. We report Google in two segments, Google Services and Google Cloud; we also report all non-Google businesses collectively as Other Bets. For further details on our segments, see Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.Revenues and Monetization Metrics We generate revenues by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising; cloud-based solutions that provide enterprise customers of all sizes with infrastructure and platform services as well as communication and collaboration tools; sales of other products and services, such as fees received for subscription-based products, apps and in-app purchases, and devices. For additional information on how we recognize revenue, see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.In addition to the long-term trends and their financial effect on our business discussed in "Trends in Our Business and Financial Effect" in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, fluctuations in our revenues have been and may continue to be affected by a combination of factors, including:•changes in foreign currency exchange rates;•changes in pricing, such as those resulting from changes in fee structures, discounts, and customer incentives;•general economic conditions and various external dynamics, including geopolitical events, regulations, and other measures and their effect on advertiser, consumer, and enterprise spending; •new product and service launches; and•seasonality.Additionally, fluctuations in our revenues generated from advertising ("Google advertising"), revenues from other sources ("Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues"), Google Cloud, and Other Bets revenues have been, and may continue to be, affected by other factors unique to each set of revenues, as described below.Google ServicesGoogle Services revenues consist of Google advertising as well as Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues.Google AdvertisingGoogle advertising revenues are comprised of the following: •Google Search & other, which includes revenues generated on Google search properties (including revenues from traffic generated by search distribution partners who use Google.com as their default search in browsers, toolbars, etc.), and other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play;•YouTube ads, which includes revenues generated on YouTube properties; and•Google Network, which includes revenues generated on Google Network properties participating in AdMob, AdSense, and Google Ad Manager.We use certain metrics to track how well traffic across various properties is monetized as it relates to our advertising revenues: paid clicks and cost-per-click pertain to traffic on Google Search & other properties, while impressions and cost-per-impression pertain to traffic on our Google Network properties.33Paid clicks represent engagement by users and include clicks on advertisements by end-users on Google search properties and other Google owned and operated properties including Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play. Cost-per-click is defined as click-driven revenues divided by our total number of paid clicks and represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each engagement by users.Impressions include impressions displayed to users on Google Network properties participating primarily in AdMob, AdSense, and Google Ad Manager. Cost-per-impression is defined as impression-based and click-based revenues divided by our total number of impressions, and represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each impression displayed to users.As our business evolves, we periodically review, refine, and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number of paid clicks and the number of impressions, and for identifying the revenues generated by the corresponding click and impression activity.Fluctuations in our advertising revenues, as well as the change in paid clicks and cost-per-click on Google Search & other properties and the change in impressions and cost-per-impression on Google Network properties and the correlation between these items have been, and may continue to be, affected by factors in addition to the general factors described above, such as:•advertiser competition for keywords;•changes in advertising quality, formats, delivery or policy;•changes in device mix;•seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends, such as traditional retail seasonality; and•traffic growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various verticals and channels.Google subscriptions, platforms, and devicesGoogle subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues are comprised of the following:•consumer subscriptions, which primarily include revenues from YouTube services, such as YouTube TV, YouTube Music and Premium, and NFL Sunday Ticket, as well as Google One;•platforms, which primarily include revenues from Google Play from the sales of apps and in-app purchases;•devices, which primarily include sales of the Pixel family of devices; and•other products and services.Fluctuations in our Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues have been, and may continue to be, affected by factors in addition to the general factors described above, such as changes in customer usage and demand, number of subscribers, and fluctuations in the timing of product launches.Google CloudGoogle Cloud revenues are comprised of the following:•Google Cloud Platform, which generates consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, and other services. These services provide access to solutions such as cybersecurity, databases, analytics, and AI offerings including our AI infrastructure, Vertex AI platform, and Gemini for Google Cloud;•Google Workspace, which includes subscriptions for cloud-based communication and collaboration tools for enterprises, such as Calendar, Gmail, Docs, Drive, and Meet, with integrated features like Gemini for Google Workspace; and •other enterprise services.Fluctuations in our Google Cloud revenues have been, and may continue to be, affected by factors in addition to the general factors described above, such as customer usage.Other BetsRevenues from Other Bets are generated primarily from the sale of healthcare-related services and internet services.34Costs and ExpensesOur cost structure has two components: cost of revenues and operating expenses. Our operating expenses include costs related to R&D, sales and marketing, and general and administrative functions. Certain of our costs and expenses, including those associated with the operation of our technical infrastructure as well as components of our operating expenses, are generally less variable in nature and may not correlate to changes in revenue. Additionally, fluctuations in compensation expenses may not directly correlate with changes in headcount, in particular due to annual SBC awards that generally vest over four years.Cost of RevenuesCost of revenues is comprised of TAC and other costs of revenues.•TAC includes: ◦amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers; and◦amounts paid to Google Network partners primarily for ads displayed on their properties.•Other cost of revenues primarily includes:◦compensation expense related to our technical infrastructure and other operations such as content review and customer and product support;◦content acquisition costs, which are payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content for distribution on YouTube and Google Play (we pay fees to these content providers based on revenues generated or a flat fee);◦depreciation expense related to our technical infrastructure;◦inventory and other costs related to the devices we sell; and◦other technical infrastructure operations costs, including bandwidth, energy, and equipment costs.TAC as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google Network properties are significantly higher than TAC as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google Search & other properties, because most of the advertiser revenues from ads served on Google Network properties are paid as TAC to our Google Network partners.Operating ExpensesOperating expenses are generally incurred during our normal course of business, which we categorize as either R&D, sales and marketing, or general and administrative.The main components of our R&D expenses are:•compensation expenses for engineering and technical employees responsible for R&D related to our existing and new products and services; •depreciation; and•third-party services fees primarily relating to consulting and outsourced services in support of our engineering and product development efforts.The main components of our sales and marketing expenses are:•compensation expenses for employees engaged in sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions; and•spending relating to our advertising and promotional activities in support of our products and services.The main components of our general and administrative expenses are:•compensation expenses for employees in finance, human resources, information technology, legal, and other administrative support functions; •expenses relating to legal matters, including certain fines and settlements; and •third-party services fees, including audit, consulting, outside legal, and other outsourced administrative services.35Other Income (Expense), Net OI&E, net primarily consists of interest income (expense), the effect of foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net gains (losses) and impairment on our marketable and non-marketable securities, performance fees, and income (loss) and impairment from our equity method investments.For additional information, including how we account for our investments and factors that can drive fluctuations in the value of our investments, see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 and Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 as well as Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.Provision for Income Taxes Provision for income taxes represents the estimated amount of federal, state, and foreign income taxes incurred in the U.S. and the many jurisdictions in which we operate. The provision includes the effect of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest and penalties.For additional information, see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 as well as Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.Executive OverviewThe following table summarizes our consolidated financial results (in millions, except per share information and percentages):(1) See "Use of Non-GAAP Constant Currency Measures" below for details relating to our use of constant currency information. (2) For additional information on the calculation of diluted EPS, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.•Revenues were $84.7 billion, an increase of 14% year over year, primarily driven by an increase in Google Services revenues of $7.6 billion, or 12%, and an increase in Google Cloud revenues of $2.3 billion, or 29%.•Total constant currency revenues, which exclude the effect of hedging, increased 15% year over year.•Cost of revenues was $35.5 billion, an increase of 11% year over year, primarily driven by increases in content acquisition costs, TAC, depreciation expense, digital services tax related to the recently enacted law in Canada, which is applied retroactively, and other technical infrastructure operations costs. •Operating expenses were $21.8 billion, an increase of 5% year over year, primarily driven by increases in compensation expenses, depreciation expense, and third-party services fees. The increase in compensation expenses was largely due to an increase in SBC expenses, which primarily reflects the 36reduction in valuation-based compensation liabilities related to certain Other Bets recognized in the prior year comparable period. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in charges related to legal matters.Other Information•Dividend payments to stockholders of Class A, Class B, and Class C shares were $1.2 billion, $173 million, and $1.1 billion, respectively, totaling $2.5 billion for the three months ended June 30, 2024. On July 23, 2024, Alphabet announced a cash dividend of $0.20 per share that will be paid on September 16, 2024, to stockholders of record as of September 9, 2024, on each of the company’s Class A, Class B, and Class C shares. For additional information, see Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.•Repurchases of Class A and Class C shares were $3.3 billion and $12.3 billion, respectively, totaling $15.6 billion for the three months ended June 30, 2024. For additional information, see Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.•Operating cash flow was $26.6 billion for the three months ended June 30, 2024.•Capital expenditures, which primarily reflected investments in technical infrastructure, were $13.2 billion for the three months ended June 30, 2024.•As of June 30, 2024, we had 179,582 employees.Financial ResultsRevenuesThe following table presents revenues by type (in millions): Google ServicesGoogle advertising revenuesGoogle Search & otherGoogle Search & other revenues increased $5.9 billion and $11.7 billion from the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 to the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively. The overall growth was driven by interrelated factors including increases in search queries resulting from growth in user adoption and usage on mobile devices; growth in advertiser spending; and improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery.YouTube adsYouTube ads revenues increased $998 million and $2.4 billion from the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 to the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively. The growth was driven by our brand advertising products followed by our direct response advertising products, both of which benefited from increased spending by our advertisers.37Google NetworkGoogle Network revenues decreased $406 million from the three months ended June 30, 2023 to the three months ended June 30, 2024, primarily driven by a decrease in AdMob revenues. Additionally, Google Network revenues were adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates for the three months ended June 30, 2024.Google Network revenues decreased $489 million from the six months ended June 30, 2023 to the six months ended June 30, 2024 primarily driven by a decrease in AdSense revenues. Additionally, Google Network revenues were adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates for the six months ended June 30, 2024.Monetization MetricsThe following table presents changes in monetization metrics for Google Search & other revenues (paid clicks and cost-per-click) and Google Network revenues (impressions and cost-per-impression), expressed as a percentage, from three and six months ended June 30, 2023 to three and six months ended June 30, 2024:Changes in paid clicks and impressions are driven by a number of interrelated factors, including changes in advertiser spending; ongoing product and policy changes; and, as it relates to paid clicks, fluctuations in search queries resulting from changes in user adoption and usage, primarily on mobile devices.Changes in cost-per-click and cost-per-impression are driven by a number of interrelated factors including changes in device mix, geographic mix, advertiser spending, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, property mix, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates.Google subscriptions, platforms, and devicesGoogle subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues increased $1.2 billion and $2.5 billion from the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 to the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively. The growth was primarily driven by an increase in subscription revenues, largely from growth in the number of paid subscribers for YouTube services.Google CloudGoogle Cloud revenues increased $2.3 billion and $4.4 billion from the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 to the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively. The growth was primarily driven by Google Cloud Platform followed by Google Workspace offerings. Google Cloud's infrastructure and platform services were the largest drivers of growth in Google Cloud Platform.Revenues by GeographyThe following table presents revenues by geography as a percentage of revenues, determined based on the addresses of our customers:38For additional information, see Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.Use of Non-GAAP Constant Currency InformationInternational revenues, which represent a significant portion of our revenues, are generally transacted in multiple currencies and therefore are affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.The effect of currency exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons. We use non-GAAP constant currency revenues ("constant currency revenues") and non-GAAP percentage change in constant currency revenues ("percentage change in constant currency revenues") for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. We believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis in addition to GAAP results helps improve the ability to understand our performance, because it excludes the effects of foreign currency volatility that are not indicative of our core operating results.Constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period over period. We define constant currency revenues as revenues excluding the effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements ("FX Effect") as well as hedging activities, which are recognized at the consolidated level. We use constant currency revenues to determine the constant currency revenue percentage change on a year-on-year basis. Constant currency revenues are calculated by translating current period revenues using prior year comparable period exchange rates, as well as excluding any hedging effects realized in the current period.Constant currency revenue percentage change is calculated by determining the change in current period revenues over prior year comparable period revenues where current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior year comparable period exchange rates and hedging effects are excluded from revenues of both periods.These results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with GAAP. Results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not a measure of performance presented in accordance with GAAP.The following table presents the foreign currency exchange effect on international revenues and total revenues (in millions, except percentages):(1)Total constant currency revenues of $85.9 billion for the three months ended June 30, 2024 increased $11.3 billion compared to $74.6 billion in revenues, excluding hedging effect, for the three months ended June 30, 2023.EMEA revenue growth was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Turkish lira.APAC revenue growth was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Japanese yen.Other Americas revenue growth was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Argentine peso.39(1)Total constant currency revenues of $166.8 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2024 increased $22.5 billion compared to $144.4 billion in revenues, excluding hedging effect, for the six months ended June 30, 2023.EMEA revenue growth was not materially affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, as the effect of the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Turkish lira was largely offset by the U.S. dollar weakening relative to the British pound and the Euro.APAC revenue growth was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Japanese yen.Other Americas revenue growth was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Argentine peso.Costs and ExpensesCost of RevenuesThe following table presents cost of revenues, including TAC (in millions, except percentages):Cost of revenues increased $3.6 billion from the three months ended June 30, 2023 to the three months ended June 30, 2024 due to an increase in other cost of revenues and TAC of $2.7 billion and $850 million, respectively. Cost of revenues increased $6.7 billion from the six months ended June 30, 2023 to the six months ended June 30, 2024 due to an increase in other cost of revenues and TAC of $4.6 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively. The increase in TAC from the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 to the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 was largely due to an increase in TAC paid to distribution partners, primarily driven by growth in revenues subject to TAC. The TAC rate decreased from 21.6% to 20.7% from the three months ended June 30, 2023 to the three months ended June 30, 2024 and decreased from 21.5% to 20.9% from the six months ended June 30, 2023 to the six months ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to a revenue mix shift from Google Network properties to Google Search & other properties. The TAC rate on Google Search & other revenues was substantially consistent from the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 to the three and six months ended June 30, 2024. The TAC rate on Google Network revenues was substantially consistent from the three months ended June 30, 2023 to the three months ended June 30, 2024 and reflected a slight increase from the six months ended June 30, 2023 to the six months ended June 30, 2024 due to a combination of factors, none of which were individually significant.The increase in other cost of revenues from the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 to the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 was primarily due to increases in content acquisition costs, largely for YouTube, depreciation expense, digital services tax related to the recently enacted law in Canada, which is applied retroactively, and other technical infrastructure operations costs. Additionally, an increase in third-party service fees 40contributed to the increase in other cost of revenues from the six months ended June 30, 2023 to the six months ended June 30, 2024. Research and DevelopmentThe following table presents R&D expenses (in millions, except percentages):R&D expenses increased $1.3 billion from the three months ended June 30, 2023 to the three months ended June 30, 2024, primarily driven by increases in compensation expenses of $585 million, depreciation expense of $331 million, and third-party services fees of $219 million. The increase in compensation expenses was largely due to an increase in SBC expenses of $471 million, which primarily reflects the reduction in valuation-based compensation liabilities related to certain Other Bets recognized in the prior year comparable period.R&D expenses increased $1.7 billion from the six months ended June 30, 2023 to the six months ended June 30, 2024, primarily driven by increases in depreciation expense of $640 million, compensation expenses of $522 million, and third-party services fees of $472 million. The increase in compensation expenses was primarily related to an increase in SBC expenses of $790 million, excluding employee severance and related charges, and reflects the reduction in valuation-based compensation liabilities related to certain Other Bets recognized in the prior year comparable period. The increase in compensation expenses is partially offset by a reduction in employee severance and related charges of $569 million.Sales and MarketingThe following table presents sales and marketing expenses (in millions, except percentages):Sales and marketing expenses increased $11 million from the three months ended June 30, 2023 to the three months ended June 30, 2024, and decreased $96 million from the six months ended June 30, 2023 to the six months ended June 30, 2024, due to a combination of factors, none of which were individually significant.General and AdministrativeThe following table presents general and administrative expenses (in millions, except percentages):General and administrative expenses decreased $323 million and $1.1 billion from the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 to the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, primarily driven by a reduction in charges related to legal matters of $471 million and $718 million, respectively, as well as a combination of factors, none of which were individually significant. 41Segment ProfitabilityThe following table presents segment operating income (loss) (in millions):(1)In addition to the costs included in Alphabet-level activities, hedging gains (losses) related to revenue were $3 million and $102 million for the three months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively, and $87 million and $174 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, Alphabet-level activities included substantially all of the charges related to employee severance and our office space optimization efforts. For additional information relating to our segments, see Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.Google ServicesGoogle Services operating income increased $6.2 billion from the three months ended June 30, 2023 to the three months ended June 30, 2024. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by an increase in revenues, partially offset by increases in content acquisition costs and TAC. Additionally, a reduction in compensation expenses contributed to the increase in operating income.Google Services operating income increased $12.4 billion from the six months ended June 30, 2023 to the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by an increase in revenues, partially offset by increases in TAC and content acquisition costs. Additionally, a reduction in compensation expenses contributed to the increase in operating income.Google CloudGoogle Cloud operating income increased $777 million and $1.5 billion from the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 to the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by an increase in revenues, partially offset by increases in usage costs for technical infrastructure assets as well as compensation expenses, largely driven by headcount growth.Other BetsOther Bets operating loss increased $321 million and $116 million from the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 to the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively. The increase in operating loss was primarily due to an increase in compensation expenses as a result of the reduction in valuation-based compensation liabilities related to certain Other Bets recognized in the prior year comparable period. Additionally, growth in revenues partially offset the increase in operating loss from the six months ended June 30, 2023 to the six months ended June 30, 2024.42Other Income (Expense), NetThe following table presents OI&E (in millions):OI&E increased $61 million from the three months ended June 30, 2023 to the three months ended June 30, 2024. Net unrealized losses in marketable equity securities reflecting market driven changes were offset by a decrease in unrealized losses on non-marketable equity securities from fair value adjustments related to observable transactions and increased interest income related to higher interest rates. OI&E increased $2.1 billion from the six months ended June 30, 2023 to the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily due to an increase in net unrealized gains on non-marketable equity securities driven by fair value adjustments related to observable transactions and increased interest income related to higher interest rates. The increases were partially offset by net unrealized losses in marketable equity securities reflecting market driven changes.For additional information, see Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information.Provision for Income TaxesThe following table presents provision for income taxes (in millions, except effective tax rate):The effective tax rate decreased from the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 to the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to the tax rule change related to U.S. federal foreign tax credits issued by the IRS in July 2023, an increase in stock-based compensation-related tax benefits, partially offset by a decrease in the U.S. federal Foreign Derived Intangible Income tax deduction.The OECD is coordinating negotiations among more than 140 countries with the goal of achieving consensus around substantial changes to international tax policies, including the implementation of a minimum global effective tax rate of 15%. Some countries have already implemented the legislation effective January 1, 2024, and we expect others to follow, however we do not expect a material change to our income tax provision for the 2024 fiscal year. As additional jurisdictions enact such legislation, transitional rules lapse, and other provisions of the minimum tax legislation become effective, we expect our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase in future years.Financial ConditionCash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable SecuritiesAs of June 30, 2024, we had $100.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities. Cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised of time deposits, money market funds, highly liquid 43government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, and marketable equity securities.Sources, Uses of Cash and Related TrendsOur principal sources of liquidity are cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from operations. The primary use of capital continues to be to invest for the long-term growth of the business. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders.The following table presents our cash flows (in millions):Cash Provided by Operating ActivitiesOur largest source of cash provided by operations are advertising revenues generated by Google Search & other properties, Google Network properties, and YouTube properties. In Google Services, we also generate cash through consumer subscriptions, the sale of apps and in-app purchases, and devices. In Google Cloud, we generate cash through consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, collaboration tools, and other cloud services.Our primary uses of cash from operating activities include payments to distribution and Google Network partners, to employees for compensation, and to content providers. Other uses of cash from operating activities include payments to suppliers for devices, to tax authorities for income taxes, and other general corporate expenditures.Net cash provided by operating activities increased from the six months ended June 30, 2023 to the six months ended June 30, 2024 due to an increase in cash received from customers, partially offset by an increase in tax payments. The increase in tax payments in comparison to the prior year comparable period was primarily due to the 2023 IRS payment deferral relief made available to taxpayers headquartered in designated counties in California. Cash Used in Investing ActivitiesCash provided by investing activities consists primarily of maturities and sales of investments in marketable and non-marketable securities. Cash used in investing activities consists primarily of purchases of marketable and non-marketable securities, purchases of property and equipment, and payments for acquisitions.Net cash used in investing activities decreased from the six months ended June 30, 2023 to the six months ended June 30, 2024 primarily due to an increase in maturities and sales of marketable securities, partially offset by increases in purchases of property and equipment and purchases of marketable securities.Cash Used in Financing ActivitiesCash provided by financing activities consists primarily of proceeds from issuance of debt and proceeds from the sale of interests in consolidated entities. Cash used in financing activities consists primarily of repurchases of stock, net payments related to stock-based award activities, and repayments of debt.Net cash used in financing activities increased from the six months ended June 30, 2023 to the six months ended June 30, 2024 due to dividend payments, increases in repurchases of stock, and net payments related to stock-based award activities. Liquidity and Material Cash RequirementsWe expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, and cash flows from operations and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months, and thereafter for the foreseeable future.44Capital Expenditures and LeasesWe make investments in land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology assets through purchases of property and equipment and lease arrangements to provide capacity for the growth of our services and products. Capital ExpendituresOur capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of the following major categories:•technical infrastructure, which consists of our investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including AI, (collectively referred to as our information technology assets) and data center land and building construction; and•office facilities, ground-up development projects, and building improvements (also referred to as "fit-outs").Construction in progress consists primarily of technical infrastructure and office facilities which have not yet been placed in service. The time frame from date of purchase to placement in service of these assets may extend from months to years. For example, our data center construction projects are generally multi-year projects with multiple phases, where we acquire land and buildings, construct buildings, and secure and install information technology assets.During the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, we spent $13.2 billion and $25.2 billion on capital expenditures, respectively. We expect to increase, relative to 2023, our investment in our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, in particular in support of AI products and services. Depreciation of our property and equipment commences when the deployment of such assets are completed and are ready for our intended use. Land is not depreciated. For the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, our depreciation on property and equipment was $5.5 billion and $7.1 billion, respectively. LeasesFor the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, we recognized total operating lease assets of $1.7 billion and $897 million, respectively. As of June 30, 2024, the amount of total future lease payments under operating leases, which had a weighted average remaining lease term of 7.9 years, was $16.9 billion. As of June 30, 2024, we have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future lease payments of $5.2 billion, that are not yet recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These leases will commence between 2024 and 2027 with non-cancelable lease terms of one to 25 years. For the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, our operating lease expenses (including variable lease costs) were $2.2 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively. Finance lease costs were not material for the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024.FinancingWe have a short-term debt financing program of up to $10.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. As of June 30, 2024, we had no commercial paper outstanding. As of June 30, 2024, we had $10.0 billion of revolving credit facilities, $4.0 billion expiring in April 2025 and $6.0 billion expiring in April 2028.The interest rates for all credit facilities are determined based on a formula using certain market rates, as well as our progress toward the achievement of certain sustainability goals. No amounts have been borrowed under the credit facilities.As of June 30, 2024, we had senior unsecured notes outstanding with a total carrying value of $11.9 billion. For additional information, see Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.We primarily utilize contract manufacturers for the assembly of our servers used in our technical infrastructure and devices we sell. We have agreements where we may purchase components directly from suppliers and then supply these components to contract manufacturers for use in the assembly of the servers and devices. Certain of these arrangements result in a portion of the cash received from and paid to the contract manufacturers to be presented as financing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.Share Repurchase Program45During the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, we repurchased and subsequently retired 92 million and 203 million shares for $15.6 billion and $31.7 billion, respectively.In April 2023, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to $70.0 billion of its Class A and Class C shares. In April 2024, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional $70.0 billion of its Class A and Class C shares. As of June 30, 2024, $74.9 billion remained available for Class A and Class C share repurchases.The following table presents Class A and Class C shares repurchased and subsequently retired (in millions):(1)Shares repurchased include unsettled repurchases as of June 30, 2024.For additional information, see Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.Dividend ProgramOn April 25, 2024, the Board of Directors of Alphabet declared a cash dividend of $0.20 per share to stockholders of record as of June 10, 2024, on each of the company’s Class A, Class B, and Class C shares. These dividends were paid on June 17, 2024, totaling to $1.2 billion, $173 million, and $1.1 billion for Class A, Class B, and Class C shares, respectively. The company intends to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future, subject to review and approval by the company’s Board of Directors in its sole discretion. European Commission FinesIn 2017, 2018, and 2019, the EC announced decisions that certain actions taken by Google infringed European competition law and imposed fines of €2.4 billion ($2.7 billion as of June 27, 2017), €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018), and €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as of March 20, 2019), respectively. On September 14, 2022, the General Court reduced the 2018 fine from €4.3 billion to €4.1 billion. We subsequently filed an appeal to the European Court of Justice.While each EC decision is under appeal, we included the fines in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as we provided bank guarantees (in lieu of a cash payment) for the fines. For additional information, see Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.TaxesAs of June 30, 2024, we had short-term income taxes payable of $2.7 billion, related to a one-time transition tax payable incurred as a result of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act"). As permitted by the Tax Act, we will pay the transition tax in annual interest-free installments through 2025. We also have long-term taxes payable of $7.7 billion primarily related to uncertain tax positions as of June 30, 2024. 46Purchase Commitments and Other Contractual ObligationsAs of June 30, 2024, we had material purchase commitments and other contractual obligations of $54.9 billion, of which $41.0 billion was short-term. These amounts primarily consist of purchase orders for certain technical infrastructure as well as the non-cancelable portion or the minimum cancellation fee in certain agreements related to commitments to purchase licenses, including content licenses, inventory, and network capacity. For those agreements with variable terms, we do not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum quantities and/or pricing as of June 30, 2024. In certain instances, the amount of our contractual obligations may change based on the expected timing of order fulfillment from our suppliers. For more information related to our content licenses, see Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, we regularly enter into multi-year, non-cancellable agreements to purchase renewable energy and energy attributes, such as renewable energy certificates. These agreements do not include a minimum dollar commitment. The amounts to be paid under these agreements are based on the actual volumes to be generated and are not readily determinable.Critical Accounting EstimatesSee Part II, Item 7, "Critical Accounting Estimates" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Available InformationOur website is located at www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website is located at www.abc.xyz/investor. Access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these reports, is available on our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file or furnish them with the SEC and they are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.We webcast via our investor relations website our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community. Our investor relations website also provides notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance and other items of interest to our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. We also share Google news and product updates on Google’s Keyword blog at https://www.blog.google/, which may be of interest or material to our investors. Further, corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading "Governance." The content of our websites is not incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.ITEM 3.QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKFor quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, refer to Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023.ITEM 4.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURESEvaluation of Disclosure Controls and ProceduresOur management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of June 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.47Changes in Internal Control over Financial ReportingThere have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and ProceduresIn designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.48PART II. OTHER INFORMATIONITEM 1.LEGAL PROCEEDINGSFor a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Note 8 “Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Matters” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 1A.RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as updated in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our stock. Below are material changes to our risk factors since our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024.We generate a significant portion of our revenues from advertising. Reduced spending by advertisers, a loss of partners, or new and existing technologies that block ads online and/or affect our ability to customize ads could harm our business.We generated more than 75% of total revenues from online advertising in 2023. Many of our advertisers, companies that distribute our products and services, digital publishers, and content providers can terminate their contracts with us at any time. These partners may not continue to do business with us if we do not create more value (such as increased numbers of users or customers, new sales leads, increased brand awareness, or more effective monetization) than their available alternatives. Changes to our advertising policies and data privacy practices, such as our initiatives related to third-party cookies, including our recent announcement to move from phasing out all third-party cookies to a proposed user choice model (which remains subject to continuing discussions with regulators), as well as changes to other companies’ advertising and/or data privacy practices have in the past, and may in the future, affect the advertising that we are able to provide. In addition, technologies have been developed that make customized ads more difficult, or that block the display of ads altogether, and some providers of online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the availability and functionality of third-party digital advertising. Failing to provide superior value or deliver advertisements effectively and competitively could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.In addition, expenditures by advertisers tend to correlate with overall economic conditions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions have affected, and may in the future affect, the demand for advertising, resulting in fluctuations in the amounts our advertisers spend on advertising, which could harm our financial condition and operating results.ITEM 2.UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDSIssuer Purchases of Equity SecuritiesThe following table presents information with respect to Alphabet's repurchases of Class A and Class C stock during the quarter ended June 30, 2024.(1) Repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. For additional information related to share repurchases, see Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.(2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases.49ITEM 5.OTHER INFORMATION 10b5-1 Trading PlansDuring the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024, the following Section 16 officers and director adopted, modified, or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act):•Prabhakar Raghavan, Senior Vice President, Knowledge and Information, Google, adopted a trading plan on May 13, 2024 (with the first trade under the plan scheduled for August 15, 2024). The trading plan will be effective until May 8, 2025 to sell an aggregate of 96,784 shares of Class C Capital Stock during the plan period.•K. Ram Shriram, independent director, adopted a trading plan on May 30, 2024 (with the first trade under the plan scheduled for September 3, 2024). The trading plan will be effective until September 3, 2025 to sell an aggregate of 144,266 shares of Class A Common Stock during the plan period.•Amie Thuener O’Toole, Vice President, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer, adopted a trading plan on May 31, 2024 (with the first trade under the plan scheduled for September 10, 2024). The trading plan will be effective until September 10, 2025 to sell an aggregate of (i) 16,996 shares of Class C Capital Stock plus (ii) 100% of the (net) shares resulting from the vesting of an additional 24,626 (gross) shares of Class C Capital Stock during the plan period (net shares are net of tax withholding). •Kent Walker, President, Global Affairs, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, effected a trading plan modification by terminating a trading plan on May 29, 2024 that was originally adopted on May 31, 2023, and adopting a new trading plan on May 29, 2024 (with the first trade under the new plan scheduled for September 3, 2024). The new trading plan will be effective until February 27, 2027 to sell 100% of the (net) shares resulting from the vesting of 355,887 (gross) shares of Class C Capital Stock during the plan period (net shares are net of tax withholding).**In accordance with SEC rules adopted on December 14, 2022, any modification or change to the amount, price, or timing of the purchase or sale of securities constitutes a termination of an existing Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement and the adoption of a new Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement.There were no “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act) adopted, modified or terminated during the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024 by our directors and Section 16 officers. Each of the Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements are in accordance with our Policy Against Insider Trading and actual sale transactions made pursuant to such trading arrangements will be disclosed publicly in Section 16 filings with the SEC in accordance with applicable securities laws, rules, and regulations.Compensatory Arrangements of Certain OfficersOn April 16, 2024, the Leadership Development, Inclusion and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Alphabet approved the accrual of dividend equivalent units to holders of all unvested stock units, subject to the approval of a dividend declaration by the Board of Directors of the company (which was announced on July 23, 2024). As stock units are not outstanding shares of stock and thus would not otherwise be entitled to participate in any dividends (including the one referenced above), the crediting of dividend equivalent units is intended to preserve the equity-based incentives intended by the company when the stock units were granted and to treat the holders of stock units consistently with all stockholders.50ITEM 6.EXHIBITS__________________________ 51